Update callouts for Media Library documentation (#1008)
strapi/documentation: docs/user-docs/latest/media-library/organizing-assets-with-folders.md

From the Media Library, it is possible to view the list of folders and browse a folder's content, create new folders, edit an existing folder, move assets to a folder, and delete a folder.

::: note

> Folders follow the permission system of assets (see [Users, Roles & Permissions](/user-docs/latest/users-roles-permissions/introduction-to-users-roles-permissions.md)). You can't define specific permissions for a folder.

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be better to follow passive voice here?

```suggestion
Folders follow the permission system of assets (see [Users, Roles & Permissions](/user-docs/latest/users-roles-permissions/introduction-to-users-roles-permissions.md)). It is not yet possible to define specific permissions for a folder.
```

> Folders follow the permission system of assets (see [Users, Roles & Permissions](/user-docs/latest/users-roles-permissions/introduction-to-users-roles-permissions.md)). You can't define specific permissions for a folder.

Author: @gu-stav Strictly speaking, yes, it would be more compliant with our style guide, but FYI we are a bit more liberal with the voicing in callouts — which are almost the only location where we are more personal and use "you".

I'll apply your suggestion as it makes a lot of sense here :-)

From the Media Library, it is possible to view the list of folders and browse a folder's content, create new folders, edit an existing folder, move assets to a folder, and delete a folder.

::: note

> * Folders are not displayed in the [Content Manager](/user-docs/latest/content-manager/introduction-to-content-manager.md).

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure why you say that?
When selecting a file for a media field, the user will see in the modal the folders.

Author: Thanks, Pierre. As discussed on Slack, I'll remove this part.

> * Folders are not displayed in the [Content Manager](/user-docs/latest/content-manager/introduction-to-content-manager.md).

Author: ```suggestion
```

> * Folders follow the permission system of assets (see [Users, Roles & Permissions](/user-docs/latest/users-roles-permissions/introduction-to-users-roles-permissions.md)). You can't define specific permissions for a folder.

Reviewer 2: Maybe giving an example? `If you can create (upload) a file, you can create a folder. etc.`

Author: Thanks! See [here](https://github.com/strapi/documentation/pull/1008#discussion_r928957376)

> * Folders follow the permission system of assets (see [Users, Roles & Permissions](/user-docs/latest/users-roles-permissions/introduction-to-users-roles-permissions.md)). You can't define specific permissions for a folder.

Author: ```suggestion
Folders follow the permission system of assets (see [Users, Roles & Permissions](/user-docs/latest/users-roles-permissions/introduction-to-users-roles-permissions.md)). You can't define specific permissions for a folder.
```
